Pork Tenderloin:
1. In a large glass bowl, whisk together soy sauce, honey, lime zest, lime juice, onion, ginger, garlic, pepper and hot sauce (if using). Taste and adjust lime, honey or hot sauce as needed for balance. Transfer marinade to a Ziploc bag and add pork. Seal and squish around to coat. Refrigerate for 1 hour (or up to 24 hours if you want to make ahead).
2. Drain pork, reserving marinade. In a large skillet, heat oil over medium-high heat; brown pork on all sides, about 3 minutes per side, to lock in juices. With pork in the pan, pour in marinade and bring to boil. Boil for about 1 minute. Transfer pork and marinade to a glass baking dish. (Note: using an ovenproof skillet will work too and eliminate the last step above.)
3. Roast pork in 400F oven until juices run clear when pork is pierced and just a hint of pink remains inside, about 18-21 minutes. I prefer my meat a little less rare so I opted for 21 minutes. Transfer to cutting board and tent with foil; let the meat “rest” for 5-10 minutes before slicing. Arrange on platter or plate and pour sauce on top.
Garlic Steamed Bok Choy
1. Heat a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add oil and garlic and stir-fry until garlic is pale golden and fragrant. Work quickly and do not stop stirring or garlic will burn. Add half of the bok choy and stir-fry until wilted slightly, about 2 minutes. Add remaining bok choy and stir until all leaves appear wilted and bright green, about 2 more minutes.
2. Add soy sauce and chicken broth. Stir and cover with lid. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the bok choy is crisp, but tender, about 3 minutes.
